README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.witboost.com/">
        <img src="docs/img/witboost_logo.svg" alt="witboost" width=600>
    </a>
</p>

Designed by [Agile Lab](https://www.agilelab.it/), Witboost is a versatile platform that addresses a wide range of sophisticated data engineering challenges. It enables businesses to discover, enhance, and productize their data, fostering the creation of automated data platforms that adhere to the highest standards of data governance. Want to know more about witboost? Check it out [here](https://witboost.com/platform) or [contact us!](https://witboost.com/contact-us)

This repository is part of our [Starter Kit](https://github.com/agile-lab-dev/witboost-starter-kit) meant to showcase witboost's integration capabilities and provide a "batteries-included" product.

# ADLSgen2 Storage Area Template

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Overview

This template is used to create an ADLSgen2 for internal storage of a Data Product.

Refer to the [witboost Starter Kit repository](https://github.com/agile-lab-dev/witboost-starter-kit) for information on the Specific Provisioner that can be used to deploy components created with this template.

### What's a Template?

A Template is a tool that helps create components inside a Data Mesh. Templates help establish a standard across the organization. This standard leads to easier understanding, management and maintenance of components. Templates provide a predefined structure so that developers don't have to start from scratch each time, which leads to faster development and allows them to focus on other aspects, such as testing and business logic.

For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.witboost.agilelab.it/docs/p1_user/p6_advanced/p6_1_templates/#getting-started).

### What's a Storage Area?

A Storage Area is what the components of a Data Product use to persist data that is created or used by the various Workloads or served by Output Ports.

### ADLS Gen2

Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 is a set of capabilities dedicated to big data analytics, built on Azure Blob Storage. Data Lake Storage Gen2 converges the capabilities of Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 with Azure Blob Storage.

For example, Data Lake Storage Gen2 provides file system semantics, file-level security, and scale. Because these capabilities are built on Blob storage, you also get low-cost, tiered storage, with high availability/disaster recovery capabilities.

Data Lake Storage Gen2 makes Azure Storage the foundation for building enterprise data lakes on Azure. Designed from the start to service multiple petabytes of information while sustaining hundreds of gigabits of throughput, Data Lake Storage Gen2 allows you to easily manage massive amounts of data.

Data Lake Storage Gen2 includes the following capabilities:

- Hadoop-compatible access
- Hierarchical directory structure
- Optimized cost and performance
- Finer grain security model
- Massive scalability

Learn more about it on the [official website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-introduction).

## Usage

To get information on how to use this template, refer to this [document](./docs/index.md).

### Component Testing

To verify the component before deploying it along with the Data Product, the component needs to be tested against a CUE Policy defined for [ADLS Gen2 Storage Area](./policies/adlsgen2.cue). This policy needs to be defined inside the **Governance** section of the Witboost Platform.

For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.witboost.agilelab.it/docs/p1_user/p5_managing_policies/p5_1_overview).

## License

This project is available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0); see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

## About Witboost

[Witboost](https://witboost.com/) is a cutting-edge Data Experience platform, that streamlines complex data projects across various platforms, enabling seamless data production and consumption. This unified approach empowers you to fully utilize your data without platform-specific hurdles, fostering smoother collaboration across teams.

It seamlessly blends business-relevant information, data governance processes, and IT delivery, ensuring technically sound data projects aligned with strategic objectives. Witboost facilitates data-driven decision-making while maintaining data security, ethics, and regulatory compliance.

Moreover, Witboost maximizes data potential through automation, freeing resources for strategic initiatives. Apply your data for growth, innovation and competitive advantage.

[Contact us](https://witboost.com/contact-us) or follow us on:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/witboost/)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@witboost-platform)

Commit message:

[WIT-4434] Upgrade to Skeleton Entities
# New features and improvements

- Upgraded to Skeleton Entities

# Bug fixes

- Fixed error `identifier already exists` in edit template

# Related issue

Closes WIT-4434

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.witboost.com/">
        <img src="docs/img/witboost_logo.svg" alt="witboost" width=600>
    </a>
</p>

Designed by [Agile Lab](https://www.agilelab.it/), Witboost is a versatile platform that addresses a wide range of sophisticated data engineering challenges. It enables businesses to discover, enhance, and productize their data, fostering the creation of automated data platforms that adhere to the highest standards of data governance. Want to know more about witboost? Check it out [here](https://witboost.com/platform) or [contact us!](https://witboost.com/contact-us)

This repository is part of our [Starter Kit](https://github.com/agile-lab-dev/witboost-starter-kit) meant to showcase witboost's integration capabilities and provide a "batteries-included" product.

# ADLSgen2 Storage Area Template

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Overview

This template is used to create an ADLSgen2 for internal storage of a Data Product.

Refer to the [witboost Starter Kit repository](https://github.com/agile-lab-dev/witboost-starter-kit) for information on the Specific Provisioner that can be used to deploy components created with this template.

### What's a Template?

A Template is a tool that helps create components inside a Data Mesh. Templates help establish a standard across the organization. This standard leads to easier understanding, management and maintenance of components. Templates provide a predefined structure so that developers don't have to start from scratch each time, which leads to faster development and allows them to focus on other aspects, such as testing and business logic.

For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.witboost.agilelab.it/docs/p1_user/p6_advanced/p6_1_templates/#getting-started).

#### Skeleton Entities

Introduced in **Witboost 2.3**, Skeleton Entities provide a more dynamic and user-friendly approach to define systems and components. They seamlessly integrate with tools like the Editor Wizard and the Reverse Provisioning Wizard, allowing for easier entity management.

For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.witboost.com/docs/p3_tech/p12_catalog/p12_2_skeleton_entities).

The template uses this new feature. The old version of the template, that generates instead [Legacy Entities](https://docs.witboost.com/docs/p3_tech/p12_catalog/p12_2_skeleton_entities/#skeleton-vs-legacy-entities), can be found in this same repository in the branch `release/v1`.

### What's a Storage Area?

A Storage Area is what the components of a Data Product use to persist data that is created or used by the various Workloads or served by Output Ports.

### ADLS Gen2

Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2 is a set of capabilities dedicated to big data analytics, built on Azure Blob Storage. Data Lake Storage Gen2 converges the capabilities of Azure Data Lake Storage Gen1 with Azure Blob Storage.

For example, Data Lake Storage Gen2 provides file system semantics, file-level security, and scale. Because these capabilities are built on Blob storage, you also get low-cost, tiered storage, with high availability/disaster recovery capabilities.

Data Lake Storage Gen2 makes Azure Storage the foundation for building enterprise data lakes on Azure. Designed from the start to service multiple petabytes of information while sustaining hundreds of gigabits of throughput, Data Lake Storage Gen2 allows you to easily manage massive amounts of data.

Data Lake Storage Gen2 includes the following capabilities:

- Hadoop-compatible access
- Hierarchical directory structure
- Optimized cost and performance
- Finer grain security model
- Massive scalability

Learn more about it on the [official website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-introduction).

## Usage

To get information on how to use this template, refer to this [document](./docs/index.md).

### Component Testing

To verify the component before deploying it along with the Data Product, the component needs to be tested against a CUE Policy defined for [ADLS Gen2 Storage Area](./policies/adlsgen2.cue). This policy needs to be defined inside the **Governance** section of the Witboost Platform.

For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.witboost.agilelab.it/docs/p1_user/p5_managing_policies/p5_1_overview).

## License

This project is available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0); see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

## About Witboost

[Witboost](https://witboost.com/) is a cutting-edge Data Experience platform, that streamlines complex data projects across various platforms, enabling seamless data production and consumption. This unified approach empowers you to fully utilize your data without platform-specific hurdles, fostering smoother collaboration across teams.

It seamlessly blends business-relevant information, data governance processes, and IT delivery, ensuring technically sound data projects aligned with strategic objectives. Witboost facilitates data-driven decision-making while maintaining data security, ethics, and regulatory compliance.

Moreover, Witboost maximizes data potential through automation, freeing resources for strategic initiatives. Apply your data for growth, innovation and competitive advantage.

[Contact us](https://witboost.com/contact-us) or follow us on:

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/witboost/)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@witboost-platform)
